# Creating an Ally Training

Today Drexel's Women in Computing Society (WiCS) reached out to me about
setting a date for their ally training that I will be hosting. We're currently
working to find a mutually beneficial date for this. The email today made me
realize that this is really happening and I will actually be hosting this
training session. I decided to start working on it today and I realized that
this was a much bigger task than previously thought. While overall, this is a
very daunting task, there are a few big topics and big ideas I want to get
across in a way that will be successful.

### Topics To Cover

<h4 class="pr">No One Knows Everything</h4>

While I am a transgender man and a queer person, I can only speak for my own
experiences. I can't speak to the
transmisogyny[[1]](blogposts/2020-09-XX_divtraining1.html#def-1)
that trans women face. I also can't speak to the other experiences that other
marginalized groups face. The trans experience is very diverse and I can't
speak to every person's experiences or what makes them most comfortable. It's
a tough place to be in, but no trans person knows everything to teach others.

If no trans person knows everything about the transgender experience, then no
cisgender person can ever truly know the transgender experience. While this
seems pessimistic, it's just the truth. Cis people will not know the pain of
being consistently misgendered or the fear of coming out. So this brings the
issue of connection. How do I explain my experience in a way others can
understand? In this training, I'm lucky that I will know the people in the room
either as friends, or as fellow students in school. This helps me in creating a
more personal environment in which I can connect with other people, but how can
this apply in other situations where the speaker cannot connect with the
audience? I have lots to think about here.

I mentioned it before, I'll say it again, while this section seems pessimistic
about not knowing everything, it's less about not knowing and more about
learning. While we can never know anything, we must always be open to learning
and must always be listening. I think this is the most important point to get
across, it also brings me to my second point.

<h4 class="pr">We Can't Prevent Problems</h4>

Since we are always learning and can never know everything, there is no way to
prevent problems from happening. However, the most important thing that I want
to get across is that what is most important is dealing with problems that
arise in the best way possible. For example, while misgendering someone is not
good, in the case of messing up someones pronouns, the way you fix your error
is more important. The way problems are addressed creates a safe environment
for other people to bring their concerns to the table.

<h4 class="py">The Importance of Support</h4>

As someone who was abused and disowned by their parents, I can confidently say
I understand the importance of support and its impact on a person. A safe and
supportive environment, without an exaggeration, is a life or death difference.
That may seem extreme, but I can speak from personal experience. So in doing
this, I really want to get that point across. I want to show how my life has
improved since I've gotten in a better environment. To do that, it's important
to show, not just how happy I am now, but how miserable my life used to be. I
hope this creates a sense of empathy with the audience. While they may not
understand what it's like to be trans, they can understand being uncomfortable
and not wish that upon another person. If that isn't enough, it's also
important to include, not just the emotional side, but the more physical aspect
of a supportive environment. While I am in a safer space now, outside issues
impact my ability to work and do well in school. There have been many times
where I've fully understood the material in a class, but due to outside issues,
I wasn't able to complete my work as well as I wanted to and ended up getting a
poor grade. Since some people aren't able to empathize as well as others, it's
a sad truth that I have to include how my suffering impacts them.

### Delivery

The delivery of diversity trainings is rarely hit upon properly. The mentality
surrounding diversity trainings that of "I already know this, I don't have to
do it" and "corporate is doing this to cover their asses". As I touched upon
above, I want to create a tone of constant learning and improvement. That is
much easier said than done. Most people don't want to be told they're doing
poorly and that they need to be better.

On another note, I want the delivery to be personal. I am a well known person
at Drexel speaking on what I need to keep myself safe. This creates a larger
sense of empathy in people, which gives them more of a reason to care and work
harder to better themselves. However, a known marginalized person in an
organization isn't always an option.

---

<span id="def-1">[1]</span> transmisogyny (noun) : discrimination or prejudice
against transgender women
[Dictionary.com Definition](dictionary.com/browse/transmisogyny)
