# Philly Start Up Sprint [Week 1]

Due to the global pandemic, I had lost my planned spring/summer internship as
the company froze hiring. I applied for a research position at Drexel instead.
This also fell through as it conflicted with my Teaching Assistant position. 
This whole time, my co-op advisor at Drexel had been sending me a variety of
random positions and opportunities that were opening up. Almost all of them 
did not fit my major. The bulk was actually Social Media and Marketing positions
that I do not want. One opportunity was the Philly Start Up Sprint. It's a two
week long conference type experience that's meant to build the skills you would
have recieved in a summer internship. I applied and got in. So for the next two 
weeks, I'll be watching talks and learning about different topics. I figure I
might as well write about the experience here.

<h3 class="pr">Day 1</h3>

Today is day 1 of the Philly Startup Sprint. Today wasn't much a learning day, 
mostly informational for how this program is going to be run, what is expected
of us, and making sure we all had the required documentation. 

One of the large aspects of this program is participating in a group project. 
Today we got separated into our groups and had our first group exercise. My
group got into a Zoom video confrencing room, did some quick introductions and
did the few exercises. The exercises were centered around getting Slack, Zoom, 
and Google Drive set up. We then did a group Quizzo exercise and answered some
random questions. We had fun and I think the group bonded well.

Later we had a Q&A session with a software engineer and the Co-Founder of NICKL
Inc, Ted Economy. He talked about getting patents and applying an engineering
thought process to building a business. 

So far, this program seems more geared towards the business side of things. I 
don't have much experience in business, nor have I ever sought it out. Hopefully
this program gets me experience in something I normally wouldn't do.

<h3 class="po">Day 2</h3>

I will admit, after Day 1, I was really worried about this program. I was really
worried that I would be bored listening to talks for the full four hours each 
day. Today was much more immersive, I was a little stressed sometimes, but I 
actually came out of it feeling good.

The first part of the session was about data management using Google Sheets and
Excel. I've never properly used spreadsheets before, so this experience was 
really fun. I always knew spreadsheets were powerful, but I've always opted for
CSV files and Bash and Python scripts for data processing. I went through the 
tutorial talk with the all the other attendees, then we broke into our groups
for the group project.

The group project had three parts and we had an hour to do it. The first two
parts related to formatting data and getting information in a spreadsheet. The
third part was to create a two slide powerpoint explaining the Excel function,
`vLookup`, to 3rd graders. Since I have the most teaching experience, I was
delegated part 3. I ended up making a cute slideshow about tables and Minecraft
touching upon the concepts of fetching data and computers maintaining that 
process. I wanna go back and complete parts A and B on my own for the experience.

We had a Q&A session with Emily Foote, she does a lot of work in education and
accessibility. These two topics are incredibly important to me, but sadly I missed
the Q&A session because I was medicating my sick puppy.

I've had the incredible idea of creating a GitHub repository to store all the
projects I and my team do these next two weeks. I'd like a way to showcase the
skills I learn. I'll probably get that repository set up tonight.

In other news, my group is off to a great start. They've made the group projects
competitive and we're in first place based on participation and Quizzo. I'm
really excited.

<h3 class="py">Day 3</h3>
<h3 class="pg">Day 4</h3>
<h3 class="pb">Day 5</h3>
